Du Feiyun, are you still human?
I'm your little mother
In order to help me regain the position of head of the family
You make a sacrifice. Why?
Besides, my dad has been gone for so many years
Aren't you lonely yourself?
Du Feiyun, I really misjudged you.
You're not going anywhere today
Where did this card come from?
Don't worry about it.
Is it passed on to you?
How dare you betray me?
Du Fei, let me go and say
No wonder I can't win Ducheng every time
So it was you who sent a message behind your back?
I don't have it, okay?
I will let you know the consequences of betraying the Du family today
Today, Young Master Qin must deal with you
Du Shao
Be gentle with women
Okay, you give me your little mother
Don't you regret it
Just a stinky bitch
Also worthy to be my little mother
Dead, dead
Beast, are you free?
Then I'll start
Hahaha Du Feiyun, you are courting death.